[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So as we go forward here, I
want you to understand we are
this physics.
This is us.
This is the physics of
our experience of reality.
And what I'm going to postulate
to you as we around the corner
to the last phase of this talk
is that basically, the ancients
knew this.
And what is the
best data storage?
Because if I'm this body, my
body is going to decay, right?
My body's going to go away.
Maybe some cultures got the idea
that the information was going
to be preserved in the body.
And so what did they want to do?
They wanted to save the body.
They wanted to mummify that.
Save it.
Save the data.
The data is there.
But this was actually more
of a little bit weaker
understanding at the tail end
of lots of great consciousness.
It's like Jesus saying
love your neighbors.
And then later on Christianity
being like, oh, Yeah,
but those witches
are doing herbs.
They must be evil.
Let's go kill them.
It's like no, no.
That's not what he meant.
And like that's not compatible.
We take stories and we
change them over time.
So the question is,
what is the best way
to store data in the universe?
What's the best data
storage on Earth?
Rock.
Rock and roll, baby.
Yeah.
You got to rock it.
Rock is the key.
Rock is the key because rock is
a geometric lattice structure.
It's perfect as a hard drive.
It can store all those
protons and it will keep them
there in the same
rough positions
as they were thousands and
thousands and thousands of years
ago.
So what does that mean?
Maybe with the right kind of
pressure and/or energy applied
to rock, you could get
the information back out.
Maybe there's a way to get the
energy and the information going
back and forth.
Maybe there's a way that
all of these ancient sites
and structures are
actually really
actually advanced
computing systems
that are storing data
and memory of the rituals
and the experiences and
the things and the magic
and the cultures
that created them,
which is why when
people go to these sites
and have experiences
at these sites,
they get downloaded
with information.
Now I want you to consider
one other thing while I'm
playing this little
video, and I'll just
move it because I already
showed you guys that.
I want you to consider
something else.
What if, just what if
my information structure
doesn't just stay with
my body when I die?
What if there are layers
to information structure?
What if there's the physical
information structure?
And what if it has an
etheric or energetic overlay
map that's also connected
to that structure?
And maybe that's connected
to another layer.
And suddenly, those
crazy occult people
talking about the gross realm,
and then the subtle world,
and then the astral world,
and then the causal realm,
these dimensional planes, what
if it's not a bunch of BS?
And what if we actually--
those are actually
part of a sort of
hyper-dimensional information
structure?
And that the matter is just
one output of that information
structure?
So then let's say I drop my
physical information structure,
but I move on in my spiritual
information structure.
And I see that
there's going to be
some pretty sweet
hip-hop on the Earth,
and stuff is going
to getting real good.
I mean, the '70s is
looking pretty fly to me.
And I'm like maybe
I'll just come in right
at the tail end of
that, drop down 1982,
boom, incarnated in a new little
squealing little pink baby body.
New information structure.
And then as I grow up,
my information structure
gets more and more
synced with the present.
I get more and more clear
about the kinds of informations
and entanglements that I'm
facing now in this time
that I have to
process and integrate.
And I happen to
go to some places
where I entangled my information
structure in a prior meatsuit.
So the first time this really
intensely happened to me,
I was in Rome.
And I just lost my
stepmom in a car accident.
I was with my dad.
We were kind of recovering
from a lot of grief.
And I'm walking through
Rome and I look over
and there's the Colosseum and
there's these stairs going up
to the Colosseum.
And I looked at the
thing and it just
hit me like a cable of energy.
And suddenly, I'm having
this full intense flashback
of being there.
And I could feel it.
It was like I accessed the
information in the location,
and it re-stimulated
the information pattern
of the memory.
Now that was the first
time that happened to me.
How many of you have
had an experience
like what I'm talking about?
Great.
There may be sites and
places on the Earth
where you have stored knowledge,
wisdom, and information.
And that you don't know
what you had there maybe
necessarily until you
go back to that place.
And then because
the information,
especially when it's megaliths
and big stone structures,
maybe then you actually
get it back out.
And that's what I've
been kind of doing.
And I didn't even
know I was doing this.
I've been hunting
down these cool spots
finding them touching
the stone putting
my head against the stone.
And all of a sudden
I'm having memory,
and new information come
in, but it's not just
like out of the blue.
It's information about me,
about my life, my journey.
And I realized the
more people I met
that connected with the stars
and different star nations,
the more I worked with
Indigenous elders, the more I
started to unpack this great
story of where all of this
came from, the more I started to
find that we've left ourselves
all the keys that we need
to put the puzzle together.
And the keys are hidden
in the different cultures
right here on Earth.
The Maya, the Aztecs,
and the Toltecs, Mexico
is another one of my
favorite places to visit.
You know that these
sites have been
rebuilt over them-- over the
originals over eight times.
So the reason why
you're not seeing
the big amazing megalithic
stones, like we see in Egypt,
is because there's so much
wetness in the atmosphere
they've had to rebuild
and rebuild and rebuild.
The original structures
are just underneath there.
But the geometry still matches,
the magic still matches,
the connections are still there,
and of course, lots of people
you've probably heard
talk about those things.
But I'm going to point out
something else about the Maya
that most people don't mention.
The Maya say that the
four corn people--
the white, red,
yellow, and black skin
is essentially what
they're talking about,
peoples of the Earth come
from the four corners
of the river in the sky.
Now when they talk about
the river in the sky,
what do you think
they're talking about?
The Milky Way galaxy.
And this river in the sky is
the origin of these peoples.
Now that's a fascinating
concept, especially when
we start to look at
things like the fact
that biologists do not have a
definitive understanding of why
we all look so different.
It doesn't matter-- archeo
biology looking into it.
You get into genetics, you get
into the ley line differences.
Yeah, I mean, it
just doesn't quite
make sense that for,
let's say my ancestors,
they just were in
cloudy areas a lot more.
And then like my homie, he's
like his ancestors from Nigeria,
he's like put him next to me.
And he's like, well, it
was just more sunshine.
No, it doesn't actually
solve that puzzle.
It doesn't.
And the qualities of
our racial differences
are very specific and layered.
And of course, there's
all kinds of intermingling
throughout our genetics.
But I started to wonder maybe
our different genetic lines
maybe came from the four
corners of the river in the sky,
perhaps.
Well, then we should
have more evidence.
So we've got the
Aztec Sun Stone.
It's a compass.
It also detects time.
The whole Mayan time
system translated also
by Jose Argüelles is about
rotation through time.
It's connected to the 260
day cycle, which is 1320.
There's deep, deep layers of
mathematics and magic built
into this, the Tzolk'in.
Certain people have taken this
work further and established
that there's connections between
the I Ching and the Futhark
runes.
And that this is actually
part of a Galactic time
system that is intended to
help us understand natural time
cycles.
The fact that the Earth travels
around the sun, the moon
travels around the Earth, we
have 13 moon cycles per year.
And somebody along the
way decided, Yeah, we're
going to have 12 months.
And two of them are going
to be called me and my bro,
know Julius Caesar and Augustus.
And we'll just screw it up.
And who cares, right?
Because even though
October means eight,
we'll make it the 10th month.
Who cares.
We clearly are in a little bit
of a screwed up time system.
And of course, I spent time
with a Mayan daykeeper.
I held ceremony
with him in 2005.
And he taught me that it doesn't
matter what calendar you choose.
He said as long as you
count the sacred number,
you can count from any
starting or ending place.
But you've got to count
the sacred number.
You've got to recognize
there's a sacred cycle to time.
And through my work
with him, I actually
met Pu'uhonua Keiki Kanahele
and I met Arvol Looking Horse
and his family.
And Arvol invited me to do these
prayer runs for world peace
with him and his family.
So I ended up running
across North America
with a bunch of Indigenous
kids carrying an eagle staff
from New York all the way to
the Black Hills of South Dakota.
And I had a group come from
the west coast and a group
from the north and the South.
And we all met in the
middle of the Black Hills
for world peace
prayer day ceremonies,
the 10th annual one in the
middle of the Black Hills.
And on that journey, I
discovered and learned
that the Lakota people, these
beautiful amazing people, Yeah,
this is part of another story.
But one of our vans
blew up on the way.
It was a pretty crazy journey.
But I learned from
these Indigenous
elders that white
Buffalo Calf woman,
they don't just look at
her as like a spirit.
She was star nation.
She was a star nation
being who came down
to teach them and remind
them of their sacred rituals
in the stars.
And I was like, why don't
you guys tell people that?
They're like have you
tried telling people
you're from another planet?
And I was like good point.
Good point.
I generally avoid that,
unless Elizabeth April forces
me to reveal my full
galactic history in front
of an entire conference.
So white Buffalo Calf
woman is from the stars.
And I then went on the next year
from that world peace prayer
day, I ran through Alaska and I
ran all the way up to Eklutna.
And there we had the world peace
prayer day ceremonies in Alaska.
And there I met Maori
from New Zealand
who were traveling
around and activating
the whole ring of fire.
And they were doing
this to help rebalance
the energy of the
planet, because they're
like it's getting pretty wily.
It's like back in
the days of Atlantis,
like we need to keep
the Earth grounded
because our
electromagnetic fields are
getting a little crazy.
So there's people
actively doing the work
to keep the stability of the
energetic field of the planet.
And I was like, how to
do you know to do this?
And who showed this?
They're like, well,
we're Pleiadians.
We've been here for like a long
time, like you heard of Lemuria,
it's a bad name.
But we've been here since then.
And we've been passing
along this knowledge.
And we teach our
children this knowledge.
How do you care for
the oceanic field
and the balance of the
electromagnetism of the planet?
And then I started finding other
elders and other traditions
and I started to realize so many
of our Indigenous traditions
and our oldest
traditions on the planet
say they come from the stars.
I mean, we've all
heard the story,
like the gods and the goddesses.
The sun gods came down and they
taught us the things, whatever.
And all of the
archeologists are like,
Yeah, cool, that's an
interesting mythology.
You guys have
great imaginations.
But what if it's
not quite like that?
You go into Daoism.
And I was deep in Daoist
studies in college.
I was really into
energy body circulation,
sacred sexuality, Shiatsu,
learning healing techniques.
And all of these things.
And as I got into Daoism,
I started wondering,
why is it that hidden and
kind encoded in all of this
are all of these
keys that have to do
with the stars and the galaxy?
That there's even star
stepping processes
where you can travel
around a specific star
pattern in a
specific way in order
to activate your consciousness
in a certain way.
And I had a friend who
was up in the Himalayas
studying at a particular
monastery there.
And he told me that
they were bringing out
all of these scrolls
from under the monastery.
And the monks had
begun translating
these ancient scrolls
that are super old.
And these things
literally have within them
these codexes of how the body
is connected to different star
systems, and where and how
different knowledge enters
the body and exits the body,
high level magic, high level
traditions, things about physics
and the universe that are just
not really well understood now.
And these are in
the oldest scrolls
in the base of
these monasteries.
And, of course, in doing
some of these practices,
opening up the
stargates and the body,
learning how to do
things like star linking,
I started to realize
this is some real stuff.
This is some powerful martial
arts and healing tools.
And this has been
baked into some
of the roots of
Chinese medicine.
The roots of the understanding
of the meridians and things
that are much more popular.
Most people have heard about.
And I got really fascinated
by the connection
between a lot of these ancient
expressions of knowledge
and things like flying
vehicles in the sky
that many of these ancient
traditions in Daoism talk about.
Depictions of ships.
And these very special
beings called dragons.
And as I pulled
that thread more,
I started to realize
that not only
have I had interesting weird
experiences with dragons
since I was a little kid.
And I just love dragons.
I'd paint them and create them.
And it's just like so
sweet and innocent.
They're so beautiful.
And then I start to realize in
my big journey through my life
that I know all of these other
people who are also dragons.
And they're so
playful and they're
so excited when
they get found out.
They're like, I'm a dragon too.
I'm like you're here too.
Like yeah.
Here to protect this world.
Here to protect all life.
Here to serve the good.
Every dragon I know
that knows themselves,
they are some of the most
deeply, loving, serving
guardians I have ever met.
And I got really
fascinated by that.
Dragons as guardians.
And interesting, you look at all
these ancient cultures talking
about dragons and the
way do they talk to them.
They protect the temple.
They guard the sacred places.
So yeah, I mean
things like dragons
are really misunderstood.
So it turns out with all
of these memories of all
of these people, there's a
connection between dragons
and Orion, and a connection
within Orion and this thing
called the Orion wars.
Now there's all
these people that I
started finding that have these
memories of being on this desert
planet that's near Betelgeuse.
And this desert planet, when
they watch things like dune,
Frank Herbert was tapping
into something there.
He was tuning into some
kind of information.
And this place,
this desert planet
also had a water like planet.
And everyone I know that has
memories from this place,
they all feel the deep, intense
loss of having lost a planet.
And I can tell you
in my heart right now
as it aches as I speak about
this, that's a big loss.
That is a big loss.
That is one you never
want to have to go through
ever again as a soul.
You don't want to lose a planet.
It's like Yeah, too intense.
And this planetary system
where these beings come from,
we call it Shihaeli.
And the Shihaeli desert
planet is this beautiful place
of crystalline white cities
and plasma like deserts, quite
an amazing place.
But the people there, the
culture that they practice
is actually very
much like Daoism.
You could almost think of
it as like Galactic samurai
but with oracles.
And so you have
oracles and samurai,
these interesting people.
And all my friends like
that are like that.
And underneath this desert are
these amazing bioluminescent
crystal caverns.
These bioluminescent crystal
caverns are full of life.
They grow life in there.
You grow all kinds of
things inside of it.
And these become the
resources for that people
and for their way of operating.
And they're basically
orientalish looking.
And I started to find through
all of this transpersonal work
with all these different
people and kind of deep diving
and some of them do
QHHT, some of them
do Dolores Cannon's
method with that.
Others do other kinds
of hypnosis, other kinds
of past life regression.
And they've come to
access this information.
And I put the
information together
with my own information.
And I thought, well,
hey, maybe that's
the root of some of the oriental
bloodlines on this Earth.
Maybe the Oriental
race essentially
is part of this
Galactic community
that came here a long time ago.
Maybe that's why all the
stories of the high level
martial artist masters.
What happens is they go,
they leave being a farmer,
their village is being burned,
they go up into the mountains,
they go up into the mountains
and something happens.
They come back down.
They've got all these
skills, all this ability,
all this knowledge.
Where did that come from?
And just so you know,
I'm not BSing you.
Here's some of my Galactic
homie Shihaeli samurai friends
who literally dress
up as Galactic samurai
and go out into the
middle of the desert
and ride around a
Golden Dragon, just
to make the point real strong.
And of course, my other friends,
female friends who are Shihaeli.
Anybody here read
the Sophia Code?
Yeah.
Kaia Ra, she was my mother
when I was Shihaeli.
Amazing oracle.
Teaches about the
Sofia Dragon tribe.
And there's a shadow
here too, because it was
this world that was destroyed.
The reason it was destroyed
and how it was destroyed
was from an assault
of beings that we all
popularly call the reptilians.
But it turns out there's
a deeper secret to that,
because what actually
happened was that there
was dragons in Andromeda.
And the Dragons in Andromeda
had their DNA stolen.
And that DNA was
brought and turned
into a hybrid of
humanoid dragon.
And that humanoid dragon hybrid
is what we call a reptilian.
But it turns out that pissed
the dragons off big time.
And so there were some
dragons who literally
came to this galaxy incarnated
into these bodies that
were these hybrid messed
up bodies that were not
like their old bodies.
They couldn't
remember everything.
But the one thing
they could remember
is they wanted to destroy those
humanoids that had taken them
from their home world.
And I share that because
there's a lot of people
that fearmonger about
reptilians and are
afraid of all kinds of things.
Different species.
And we often say
that's the evil.
That's the bad.
But when we really
start to look at it,
isn't it true that
almost every great act
of evil we've ever
seen on this planet
came from an origin of trauma?
Do you agree with me on that?
Can you understand
that when we go out
to kill and attack and
fight each other, oftentimes
it's because we've
already been wounded.
And the wounds are
left festering.
And sometimes
those wounds happen
after generation and generation
and generation and generation,
we can see it
right now happening
with Israel and Palestine.
It is not a one-sided equation.
It is not a right or wrong.
It is actually a
deep wound that needs
to be healed on both sides.
This is critical to our
evolution as a people,
as a species.
If we go into
Tibetan Buddhism, we
see lots of representations of
dragons as beauty and guardians.
But we also can see the wrath.
We can also see the intensity.
And the kinds of
conflicts that have
happened throughout the galaxy.
I believe in Tibet
and Buddhism and a lot
of the Tibetan
thangkas, which I worked
with Romio Shrestha, the
ninth incarnation of Arniko
for many, many years.
And he showed me the backs
of many of these thangkas.
And they have star
grids on the backs.
There's like star nation
wisdom so baked into it
that they don't even--
they don't flinch about it.
I mean, the Dalai Lama has
been asked straight up.
Did you guys get information
from extraterrestrials?
And he's like, Yeah,
a long time ago.
It's been a while.
I mean, but you look
at their paintings
and they have all
of this in there.
And so it's not really
that surprising.
And it was John Mack by the
way, the psychiatrist who
had conversations with
the Dalai Lama, 1992,
and he confirmed that
they'd been in contact
with extraterrestrials.
So if you're curious
about that, you
can just look up John Mark
and Dalai Lama's work.
But it's not isolated to
these obscure cultures
or the oriental cultures.
We see it throughout
medieval art.
We see the Roman Empire.
We see these depictions of God.
And we see the
depictions of starships.
I saw-- just told
me the other day
sharing these same things with
the summer solstice and winter
solstice.
You guys have seen this stuff
probably, as well as concepts
like Jesus walking on water.
Well, interesting.
Walking on water, leap of faith,
Holy Grail, all of these things,
where do we find
powerful links to that?
In the people that have
connections to the Pleiades.
And there's initiation
processes that
Pleiadians I know talk
about where they literally
had to learn how to
sing to the water
so they could walk on the water
to go out to a sacred temple
out in the end of
the water and go up
into that temple and
experience something
akin to a leap of faith.
And I have this
memory too because I
was Pleiadian at one point and
I had this memory spontaneously
of being walking in the
water, walking up this temple,
going into this space.
And there's this hole where
there's this vortex going down
into the water.
And there's these beings
standing around me
on the upper thing.
And I step off leap of faith.
It's the only thing
I have left to do.
And the water wraps
around me, creates an egg,
and ejects me out the top.
I fly up into the sky.
I'm shooting through the stars.
And then I fly into a giant
whale-looking mothership, come
in there, and land, the
water falls off of me.
And I have no idea
what's going on
because I thought that I was
just a being on a little water
planet.
And it turns out that
my species is actually
a super advanced
Galactic civilization
that now I'm a part of.
Whoa, Pleiadians are wild, man.
And you meet Pleiadians and
they all have the same wisdom.
This water, this resonance,
this understanding of sound.
These keys to sound
harmonics and water as memory
is such a deep part of
the Pleiadian culture.
So maybe some of that sound
medicine and resonance
made its way here
through a vast variety
of different cultures from the
Aboriginal cultures to the Hindu
to the Native Americans
to the Polynesians
and many others who recognize
this star system as one
of their places of origin.
If we go down into the
Amazon, we find Amazonian art
where the ayahuasqueros talk
about these Galactic beings.
You've got 40,000
different plant species.
Only two of them make ayahuasca.
And yet somehow they
found ayahuasca.
And ayahuasca opens
up these doors
and these portals in
your consciousness
in order to be able to see
all of these amazing Galactic
spaces.
And so you have this star
species called the Yahonians
that many people
have memories of.
That's basically a Galactic
jungle system, marshes,
biospheres, all of
these things using trees
as mammillary bodies,
and essentially that
are masters of plant medicines.
And so those with the
resonance with this culture
and this species have
experienced the magic of plants
as one of our greatest teachers.
You've got the Vimanas in
India which are essentially
different kinds of spacecraft.
And they have Vimanas
that travel on Earth
and ones that
travel in the stars.
And the people that
created the Vimanas,
they were said to be a Galactic
race that could vibrate in
and out of the physical body.
And it turns out that there
are people with memories
from a system
around Cassiopeia-A,
which went supernova that
knew exactly how to do this.
Your planet dies because
your star goes supernova.
You're probably a pretty
advanced civilization
by that point.
Am I right?
And finally, the Dogon
and the Tuatha Dé Danann.
The Dogon tribe in Africa, they
talk about Star people called
the Nomos that came in dolphin
bodies, made pools of water,
swam up to them, and
then transmitted to them
where they were from.
And they transmitted it
so exactly and precisely
that the Dogon were able
to draw on their cave wall
the exact rotation
between Sirius A
and B in the astronomical
diagram, which was not even
discovered until the 1980s.
And then you've got
guys like JRR Tolkien.
How many Lord of the
Rings fans out there can
rep with the
awesomeness of Tolkien
and the Lord of the Rings?
Well, it turns out Tolkien
started having visions
as he was trying to
create a new language.
He wasn't an author.
He was all about language.
And he was getting
these downloads
about the species that
spoke this language.
And the species that
spoke this language
were the people from
a land of eternal sun
that crossed the great
waters to Middle Earth.
These were the
stories of the Elves.
And right here on Earth, we
have stories about those Elves,
they're called the
Tuatha Dé Danann.
They arrived in the British
Isles, riding clouds.
And they landed on
the Iron Mountain.
And they brought with them
the four sacred treasures
from the three
islands in the sky.
And those four
sacred treasures--
the cauldron of the Dagda,
the sword of light of Nuada,
the stone of Fal, and
the spear of Lugh.
And these four sacred
artifacts essentially
are the roots of our tarot
and our playing card system.
You've got swords, wands,
pentacles is the stone,
and cups, which is the
cauldron or the sacred Chalice.
So the culture of these
advanced extraterrestrial races,
these Galactic families
is actually our cultures.
It's who we are.
And those from
the Sirian system,
those Elves who grew
up in a dual sun
system with amazing citadels
and endless tree forests
and trees so large to
protect from the two
suns and these cities
in the wilderness,
places that when we watch
things like Lord of the Rings
and you see Rivendell, your
whole body lights up because you
know just like that.
You know it is your home.
That is the level of connection
and heart centered impartment
I want to leave you
with here tonight,
because I want you to understand
that it's not about us being
here on Earth as some
weird isolated species
blacklisted by the
rest of the galaxy.
It's about all of us, many of
us being star nation coming
to this planet and now finally
helping this planet's body
and energetics come to maturity
so that we can have the greatest
family reunion ever imagined.
And as we go forth
into the stars,
as we become the Galactic
culture that we are destined
to be and become the stewards
of this planet that has always
been our birthright, not
to just care for humans,
but to care for all life.
And that I will give my
life for is the stewardship
of this world.
And I hope that
you'll join me in that
and become part of
this Galactic family.
Thank you so much.
Good night.
[APPLAUSE]